hello this is risky and I've got three
shipments that I got in miles away one
from cube again one from pretty sure
cube Smith and one from crispers now
making this unboxing videos to all open
my cube will go in one first see what we
got see what it is again o ye xin to I
20 oh my gosh
you seen to it too oh this right now but
to attend now from hong kong see what it
is
oh no it's my rubik's master magic holy
then expect to come already just sent it
out like saturday and instead of take 10
days
okay tippy things well ready master
magic holy
and yet I've already seem to scramble it
yeah on I'll fix it later on and call it
for you but I cannot pick them yet oh I
didn't expect it to come already you
just ready sent it out saturday
yeah how many tutorials on how to fix
Rubik's master magic I would like them I
really need to know how to do this
really bothering me now put us on now
time for my package from chris berg what
it is you got wrong Chris Perez monkey
monkey what you do with a team 15 here
we go to my new i won hmm packing foam
foam peanuts whoa okay more foam peanuts
okay one of those black DIY to windows
black di at eight sure free unpack and
built pack DIYs employed bill has
instead
and everything wow thank a yep today DIY
again what like I haven't filed yet well
that's the whole line boxes and a half
way stay tuned for oh no what's next oh
and I was just a new cleanse I got
videos of that to say bye bye